+++
title = "Sarpine, Third Session"
publishDate = "2023-08-11T08:00:00Z"
tags = ["Sarpine", "Session Recap", "PF2e", "Pathfinder"]
showFullContent = false
readingTime = false
hideComments = false
+++

On the second day, we woke and started our usual chores. Upon finishing those tasks, Storm was curious about Kernick, who he recalled convincing to try and desert from the current multi-country military. He wasn't able to find him, but might try again the next day.

Heading to the assigned training arena this was more familiar that it was yesterday, so he found a seat and waited to lose access to his own senses, waited to enter another memory based training exercise. Captain Sandaman once more, gave a speech, and they were all whisked away to some situation.

The first thing they learned of note was that they were in a tent. Looked to be on the larger side (at least to Storm), there was a larger table that seemed to be filled with figurines and maps. The sides of the tent seemed to have drawers of other forms of documentation of various kinds. By looking under this table, Storm could see that there were a total of 6 people. Storm, Xen, a goblin named Graz Kapoot, and a halfling named Jade Ladon. After briefly introducing ourselves, the objective of why we were there was slowly forming in their heads. They were generals, in charge of this battalion, which had the task of rescuing a group of prisoners from the fortress nearby.

Upon an initial solicitation of ideas, we learn the professions of the individuals tasked as being generals. A baker, an alchemist that aspires to be an adventurer, and a banker. The remaining two individuals were seemingly posing as advisors and not contributing to the task at hand. Xen seemingly the only one with military experience quickly took control and started arranging the pieces on the battle map to form a cohesive strategy. Storm wanting to completely disregard the army and just use a small strike team to insert themselves, do what they need and leave. Everyone in the room had too many questions about what was in the fortress and what could be waiting for them, or even who the prisoners were. Everyone suddenly had a memory that there were spies, due back within a couple of hours. So the command staff elected to wait.

When the spies finally showed up, there were a few pieces of key information that was finally brought to light. There were some long range weapons near the front gate, the waterway on the east side was not highly protected, and one of the prisoners is a high ranking cinder blood. The denizens of this setting are familiar with cinder bloods, they are individuals that seem to have traces of draconic heritage in their blood. In the modern day, they are less trusted due to history with dragons having attempted to enslave non-dragons.

When the command staff finished finalizing their plan of how to  rescue the prisoners, their senses started to dull until they were rather suddenly aware that they were in combat. A quick look around, they learn that they are now located within the infantry of the battalion that was distracting the fortress such that the strike team could do their thing. 

Three beings bearing down on the party of Xen, Storm, and Jade, both groups seemingly noticing each other at the same time. Storm quickly identified that 2 were air mephits, and the last final being was blurry and not easy to look at. The party was quickly attacked and took a number of injuries before the tables turned. The mephits and blurry individual were dispatched and dealt with. Finally getting a chance to look around, Jade notices there are dragons overhead. Which none of them had ever seen in person, a tiny ball of smoke started barreling towards them and the party readied themselves for what ended up being a tiny little smoke dragon. With lungs much bigger than a creature of that size should have, it roared and started attacking. The party had no issues dealing with it before it eventually fell. At the conclusion, everything faded to black, Storm came to with a number of bruises on his body that weren't there before. Consequences of the training, and not having enough mental fortitude to prevent them.